# Privacy statement DeSci Labs 

## General

This is the privacy statement applicable to using the information website at www.desci.com, as offered by DeSci Labs AG (hereinafter also: “we” or “us”). 

We value your privacy and process your personal data (i.e. information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person) within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act and the Swiss Ordinance (hereinafter collectively: “Data Protection Laws”). In this privacy statement we will explain which types of personal data we collect, for which purposes and how we protect such data to the best of our abilities.

This privacy statement applies to personal data processed through use of the DeSci Labs website(s), or other electronic communications sent through or in connection with the DeSci Labs website(s). Please note that this privacy statement does not apply to information that you provide to or is collected by any third-party provider. These third-parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing personal data through them.

## Identity and contact

DeSci Labs AG 

Bächerstrasse 42 

8806 Wollerau, CH

CH-130.3.029.882-1

Email: info@desci.com

## Types of personal data and processing purposes

When you access our website, we collect and process personal data as explained in more detail here below:

Information collected from your use of our website(s). When you make use of our website(s), we collect (technical) information about this usage and other technical information, such as your IP address, browser type, navigation path and length. We process this information to maintain, protect and improve our website(s). The processing of personal data in this regard occurs on the legal basis of having a legitimate interest. 

To analyse your use of our website(s) or services, we also make use of Google Analytics. The settings have been configured in a user- and privacy friendly manner. The information generated by the Google Analytics-cookie includes the automatically anonymized IP address. 

The technical data will be used for internal statistical purposes. We do not use the information and personal data collected by Google to identify individuals.

Newsletter. When you opt-in for receiving our newsletter, we may occasionally keep you informed about our solutions and services and/or relevant developments in that regard. The processing of personal data in this regard occurs on the legal basis of consent (opt-in). You may at any time withdraw previously given consent by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email. 

Contact. When you contact us via the contact form, we will process your email and name to respond to your (contact) request and/or answer the question you raised through the contact form. In such event, we may occasionally keep you informed about our solutions and services and/or relevant developments in that regard. The processing of personal data in this regard occurs on the legal basis of having a legitimate interest to keep you informed of new releases or updates provided by DeSci Labs and potential new solutions of tools by DeSci Labs. You may at any time unsubscribe from receiving information letters from us by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email.

## Minors

Our website(s) is not intended for persons under the age of 16 years. We do not solicit or knowingly collect any personal data from persons under the age of 16 years. If you have reason to believe that we have processed personal data from a person under the age of 16 years, please contact us and we will delete the personal data. 

## Personal data we share with third parties

We will never sell your personal data to third parties. In principle, your personal data will only be shared with third parties in the following circumstances:

where we engage external suppliers, service providers or advisors for the benefit of our website performance, such as but not limited to Vercel, Cloudflare and Google Analytics ("(sub-)processors");

organizations to detect, analyse or prevent fraud, security breaches or other prohibited or illegal activities; 

(government) authorities or organizations to whom we must disclose certain personal data on the basis of a legal obligation.

We include appropriate confidentiality and security obligations in our contractual arrangements with service providers or other third parties and only permit them to process personal data subject to and in accordance with our specific instructions.
To the extent personal data will be transferred to countries or third parties outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will take into account the statutory requirements in relation thereto.

## Protection and retention of personal data

We have taken adequate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against loss and the unauthorised access or misuse thereof. 

We retain your personal data no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which we have collected the personal data, or in correspondence with an applicable statutory retention term. You may at all times request the removal of your personal data. We will respond to such request within the statutory timeframe. 

## Your rights

You have the right to request access to or the amendment, deletion or data transfer of your personal data. You may also submit a request to restrict or object to certain data processing. You furthermore have the right to withdraw any previously provided consent. 

You may direct any requests or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data to us via the contact details as provided in this privacy statement. We will respond to such requests within the applicable statutory timeframes. For completeness, we also note that you have the right to submit a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in your country of residence.

## Changes

We reserve the right to unilaterally amend this privacy statement to ensure compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws. All updates to the privacy statement will be published via our website(s). It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement on a regular basis in order to be aware of any potential changes. Your continued use of our DeSci Labs website(s) after changes to the privacy statement, will deemed to be your acceptance to such change.

This privacy statement was last updated in February 2023.
